S6249: Update issue message (#879)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6249/message.adoc

=== Message

* Primary location

> ** No bucket policy is enforcing HTTPS only access to the bucket. Make sure it is safe here.

Reviewer: I don't know how to phrase it, but the initial phrasing seems odd to me, here is a suggestion:
```suggestion
** No bucket policy enforces HTTPS-only access to this bucket. Make sure it is safe here.
```
